c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.dll.config
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.pdb
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\obj\Debug\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.dll
c:\users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\obj\Debug\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.pdb
C:\Users\agholipour\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\obj\Debug\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\agholipour\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\XmlDocument.XML
C:\Users\agholipour\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\agholipour\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\agholipour\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.dll.config
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.pdb
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\XmlDocument.XML
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\obj\Debug\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\obj\Debug\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.dll
C:\IASSET\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest\IassetTechnicalTest.Api\obj\Debug\IassetTechnicalTest.Api.pdb
